
---
title: """""""""""""'Biden administration faces growing questions amid an influx of migrants at the Mexico border'"""""""""""""
categories: 
    - 传统媒体
    - Chicago Tribune - 新闻
author: Chicago Tribune - 新闻
comments: false
date: Sat, 20 Mar 2021 22:43:51 GMT
thumbnail: ''
---

<div>   
<div class="wrapper clearfix hddn pb-curated full pb-feature pb-layout-item pb-f-article-login-based-module" data-pb-name="Login-based Module" data-pb-curated="curated" data-pb-id="unnamed-feature" id="flIWRV1V5Q0Xps"></div> <div class="wrapper clearfix spaced spaced-top spaced-none pb-curated full pb-feature pb-layout-item pb-f-global-newsletter-promo" data-pb-name="Newsletter Promo Card" data-pb-curated="curated" id="f0NUuCpV5Q0Xps"> </div> <div class="wrapper clearfix pb-curated full pb-feature pb-layout-item pb-f-utilities-lead-art" data-pb-name="Lead Art" data-pb-curated="curated" data-pb-id="unnamed-feature" id="f0rwj1NV5Q0Xps"> <div class="crd card-captioned "> <div class="crd--cnt "> <aside class="trb_em" data-content-embedlocation="Content level lead art" data-content-size="leadart" data-content-type="video" data-role="mediamanager_container"> <div class="trb_em_m"> <div itemprop="video" class="trb_em_v" data-role="mediamanager_item" data-state="thumbnail" data-content-stntype="full" data-content-subtype="embeddedvideo_stn" data-float-position="right" data-delay-close="2000" data-mobile-position="above bottom leaderboard"> <a class="trb_em_v_a" data-role="mediamanager_autoplay mediamanager_trigger" data-video-attributes="&#123;"mobile_floating": "true","floating": "true","player_id": "7WQ1xQNF-vJYVOHOP","cid": "4591","type": "s2n","topVideo": "false"&#125;" href="https://www.chicagotribune.com/nation-world/ct-aud-nw-mexico-border-biden-administration-20210320-oumygop4yzf47lr6iobcv2jazy-story.html#" onclick="return false;"></a> </div> </div> </aside> </div> </div> </div> <div class="wrapper clearfix pb-curated full pb-feature pb-layout-item pb-f-article-body" data-pb-name="Article Body (Elements)" data-pb-curated="curated" data-pb-id="unnamed-feature" id="fWnn3f2V5Q0Xps"> <div class> </div> <div class=" clln clln-crd oflw cs__ctn__border-bottom bdy--ctn"> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class data-page="1" data-item-type="depthscroll" data-item-id="depth_scroll_top" data-item-number="top"> WASHINGTON — Somehow, they didn’t see it coming.</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Within weeks of Inauguration Day on Jan. 20, the Biden administration had reversed many of the most maligned Trump-era immigration policies, including deporting children seeking asylum who arrived alone at the U.S.-Mexico border and forcing migrants to wait in Mexico as they made their case to stay in the United States.</p> </div></div>  <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> While the administration was working on immigration legislation to address long-term problems, it didn’t have an on-the-ground plan to manage a surge of migrants. Career immigration officials had warned there could be a surge after the presidential election and the news that the Trump policies, widely viewed as cruel, were being reversed.</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Now officials are scrambling to build up capacity to care for some 14,000 migrants now in federal custody — and more likely on the way — and the administration finds itself on its heels in the face of criticism that it should have been better prepared to deal with a predictable predicament.</p> </div></div>   <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> “They should have forecasted for space (for young migrants) more quickly,” said Ronald Vitiello, a former acting director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement and chief of Border Patrol who has served in Republican and Democratic administrations. “And I think in hindsight, maybe they should have waited until they had additional shelter space before they changed the policies.”</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> The situation at the southern border is complex. </p> </div></div>   <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Since Biden’s inauguration, the U.S. has seen a dramatic spike in the number of people encountered by border officials. There were 18,945 family members and 9,297 unaccompanied children encountered in February — an increase of 168% and 63%, respectively, from the month before, according to the Pew Research Center. That creates an enormous logistical challenge because children, in particular, require higher standards of care and coordination across agencies.</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Still, the encounters of both unaccompanied minors and families are lower than they were at various points during the Trump administration, including in spring 2019. That May, authorities encountered more than 55,000 migrant children, including 11,500 unaccompanied minors, and about 84,500 migrants traveling in family units.</p> </div></div>  <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Career immigration officials, overwhelmed by the earlier surges, have long warned the flow of migrants to the border could ramp up again. </p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Biden administration officials have repeatedly laid blame for the current situation on the previous administration, arguing that Biden inherited a mess resulting from President Donald Trump’s undermining and weakening of the immigration system. The White House says it has taken several steps to address the situation.</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Migrant children are sent from border holding cells to other government facilities until they are released to a sponsor. That process was slowed considerably by a Trump administration policy of “enhanced vetting,” in which details were sent to immigration officials and some sponsors wound up getting arrested, prompting some to fear picking up children over worries of being deported. Biden has reversed that policy, so immigration officials hope the process will speed up now. </p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> The White House also points to Biden’s decision to deploy the Federal Emergency Management Agency, known for helping communities in the aftermath of a natural disaster, to support efforts to process the growing number of unaccompanied migrant children arriving at the border. HHS announced Saturday that it was opening an additional facility in West Texas to help with influx of unaccompanied minors. The facility will initially accommodate about 500 children but can be expanded to house 2,000.</p> </div></div>  <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Biden and others have pushed back on the notion that what’s happening now is a “crisis.” </p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class data-item-type="depthscroll" data-item-id="depth_scroll_middle" data-item-number="middle"> “We will have, I believe, by next month enough of those beds to take care of these children who have no place to go,” Biden said in a recent ABC News interview, when asked whether his administration should have anticipated the surge in young unaccompanied migrants as well as families and adults. He added, “Let’s get something straight though. The vast majority of people crossing the border are being sent back ... immediately sent back.”</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Adam Isacson, an analyst at the human rights advocacy group Washington Office on Latin America, said Republicans’ insistence that there is a “crisis” at the border is overwrought, but that the surge in migrants was predictable. </p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> He called it a perfect storm of factors: hurricanes that hit Central America last fall; the economic fallout caused by the coronavirus pandemic; typical seasonal migration patterns; the thousands of Central American migrants already stuck at the border for months; and the persistent scourge of gang violence afflicting Northern Triangle countries — Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador.</p> </div></div>  <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Isacson said the Biden administration may have been “two or three weeks” slow in preparing for the increase in unaccompanied young migrants and the subsequent housing crunch after announcing in early February it would stop deporting unaccompanied youths. </p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> But Isacson added that the bottleneck was also affected by the lack of cooperation by the Trump administration with the Biden transition. </p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> The Biden administration announced on Feb. 2 it would no longer uphold the Trump administration policy of automatically deporting unaccompanied minors seeking asylum. Two weeks later, the White House announced plans to admit 25,000 asylum-seekers to the U.S. who had been forced to remain in Mexico. </p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> In subsequent weeks, the number of young migrants crossing without adults skyrocketed. Both Customs and Border Protection, and Health and Human Services officials have struggled to house the influx of children. Immigration officials say the number of adult migrants and families trying to enter the U.S. illegally also has surged. </p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Border patrol officials had encountered more than 29,000 unaccompanied minors since Oct. 1, nearly the same number of youths taken into custody for all of the previous budget year, administration officials say.</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> “Getting capacity up to deal with the unaccompanied minors is critical, but the numbers just don’t bear out to pointing to a crisis,” Isacson said.</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> That hasn’t stopped Republicans -- including Trump and House Republican leader Kevin McCarthy of California -- from pillorying Biden.</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> “It’s more than a crisis. This is a human heartbreak,” said McCarthy, who led a delegation of a dozen fellow House Republicans to El Paso, Texas, on Monday.</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Biden is also facing criticism from Republicans that his administration has sent mixed messages. </p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Critics have focused on public comments from Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, who earlier this month said the administration’s message to migrants was “don’t come now” and a slip by Roberta Jacobson, the White House’s lead adviser on the border, who said in Spanish during a recent briefing the “border is not closed,” before correcting herself.</p> </div></div> <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class="stop-here" data-page="2"> The president and other administration officials in recent days have stepped up efforts to urge migrants not to come. Embassies in Northern Triangle countries are airing public service announcements underscoring the dangers of making the trek north.</p> </div></div>  <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class> Eric Hershberg, director of the Center for Latin American and Latino Studies at American University, said Biden’s team faces a powerful counter-narrative as it attempts to persuade desperate Central Americans to stay put: chatter on social media from migrants who successfully made it across the border and smugglers who insist that now is the ideal time.</p> </div></div>  <div data-type="text" class="crd clln--it"> <div class=" crd--cnt "> <p class data-item-type="depthscroll" data-item-id="depth_scroll_bottom" data-item-number="bottom"> Hershberg cites a Honduran friend’s reaction to U.S. warnings that migrants could face danger on the journey: “You know, you don’t need to go with such uncertainty. You can just stay here and know that you’ll be raped or killed.”</p> <div class="spaced spaced-md spaced-bottom hddn-mble"></div> <div class="spaced spaced-sm spaced-bottom hddn-dktp hddn-tbl"></div> </div></div> </div>  </div> <div id="f0b6YJJV5Q0Xps" class="pb-async pb-feature"></div> <div id="fQNMYA1V5Q0Xps" class="pb-async pb-feature"></div>  <div class="pb-container"> </div>   
</div>
            