
---
title: '养一只宠物羊需要知道哪些注意事项？-Iptme的回答：Brucellosis is an infectious disease of animals and humans caused by bacteria of the genus Brucella. T...'
categories: 
 - 社交媒体
 - 知乎
 - 话题
headimg: 'https://picsum.photos/400/300?random=9132'
author: 知乎
comments: false
date: Tue, 30 Aug 2022 12:19:39 GMT
thumbnail: 'https://picsum.photos/400/300?random=9132'
---

<div>   
<strong>养一只宠物羊需要知道哪些注意事项？</strong><br>Iptme的回答<br><p data-pid="fbFMIuCx">Brucellosis is an infectious disease of animals and humans caused by bacteria of the genus <i>Brucella</i>. The main risk for humans to become infected with brucellosis is through contact with reproductive fluids – placental and fetal fluids – from infected animals. Immunization of weaner rams with attenuated <i>B.melitensis </i>has been recommended in some countries.</p><p data-pid="DWUR1rIA">Bluetongue is one of the most common sheep diseases. The disease is caused by the Bluetongue virus and is found in cattle, deer, goats, buffaloes, and camels. The cattle are the most prominent reservoir of the virus. The disease causes fever up to 40.5°C, swollen mucous membrane, mucopurulent nasal discharge, lacrimation, redness of coronary band, and muzzle; the tongue becomes bluish due to lack of oxygen. The pregnant sheep may abort due to this disease. Vaccination against the Bluetongue virus is available and is the only effective preventive measure. </p><p data-pid="447yXzni">Anthrax in sheep is a most severe, febrile, acute bacterial disease caused by Bacillus anthrasis. The organism also affects cattle, goats, deer, antelopes, and even human beings. The disease causes high fever, anorexia, dullness, weakness, bloody diarrhea, and death due to shock. Most of the animals died before showing any clinical signs. The disease also causes swelling of the throat, respiratory distress, and anoxia. Vaccination against anthrax is the most effective way of prevention of anthrax in herds. Early diagnosis and treatment with potent antibiotics may reduce the death of animals. </p><p data-pid="zXp66f9c">The most common types of Clostridial diseases found in sheep are tetanus, lamb dysentery, blackleg, black disease, pulpy kidney, struck and braxy. All sheep should be vaccinated for tetanus and 2 types of enterotoxemia. In most cases, this is given as a combined vaccine. This vaccine should be given to pregnant ewes four weeks before lambing and supplies the protective antibodies which the newborn lamb will obtain by the colostrum. Lambs should also receive the vaccine at 6-8 weeks of age, followed by a booster 4 weeks later and again at the time of weaning. </p><p data-pid="VT060qn9">Pasteurellais a respiratory pathogen that causes health problems in all ages of sheep. Problems range from septicaemia in lambs, mastitis in ewes and pneumonia in older sheep. Vaccination in breeding ewes is recommended with a primary course of 2 injections, 4 to 6 weeks apart followed by an annual booster 4 to 6 weeks before lambing. Lambs are given 2 doses of the vaccine from as early as 10-days of age.</p><p data-pid="Olwyj-A7">Foot rot is an extremely painful disease in sheep. It causes affected sheep to graze on their knees and rapidly lose weight. Foot rot results in the foot becoming inflamed and smelly, so prevention is often better than cure. Foot rot is also known as foot scald and mainly occurs in wet areas. Sheep should be vaccinated every 3-6 months and should always be vaccinated in spring, before a rainy season.</p><p data-pid="Yovo5ds7">Orf is a skin disease affecting sheep (and goats). It shows as scabs and sores around the hoof junction and mouth of the sheep. This means that infected lambs are therefore unable to suckle due to the discomfort of the scabs on their mouths. They do not thrive, so ewes should be vaccinated well before lambing begins. Unfortunately, should infected lambs manage to suck, there is a significant increase in the spread of the disease to the ewes'teats. This can cause considerable pain and discomfort for the ewe, and she may push the lamb away as it tries to feed. Orf is a zoonotic disease (can spread to humans), so great care must be taken when managing infected sheep with orf. Orf vaccination is a live vaccine which should be used 6 weeks before the expected occurrence of disease. It is administered by scratching the skin (scarification). The vaccine should only be used on farms and smallholdings where infection is present</p><p data-pid="h-BxAQSY">Louping ill is an acute viral disease spread by ticks (<i>Ixodes ricinus</i>) and can lead to death. Controlling Louping ill can be achieved through tick control, or through vaccination. The vaccine supplies immunity within 4 weeks and has been shown to be effective for at least 18 months. </p>  
</div>
            