
---
title: '宠物猫传腹会有什么症状？-Iptme的回答：Previously, three different forms of FIP were distinguished_ 1) an effusive, exudative, _wet form_; 2) a nonef...'
categories: 
 - 社交媒体
 - 知乎
 - 话题
headimg: 'https://picsum.photos/400/300?random=30'
author: 知乎
comments: false
date: Wed, 07 Sep 2022 11:55:33 GMT
thumbnail: 'https://picsum.photos/400/300?random=30'
---

<div>   
<strong>宠物猫传腹会有什么症状？</strong><br>Iptme的回答<br><p data-pid="ySgrFKx3">Previously, three different forms of FIP were distinguished: 1) an effusive, exudative, “wet form”; 2) a noneffusive, nonexudative, granulomatous, parenchymatous “dry form”; and 3) a mixed form. The first form was characterized by a fibrinous peritonitis, pleuritis, and/or pericarditis with effusion in the abdomen, thorax, and/or pericardium, respectively. The second form was characterized by granulomatous changes in different organs that may include the eyes and CNS. Differentiation between these forms is not useful and is of value only for the diagnostic approach, because there is nearly always effusion to a greater or lesser degree in combination with more or less granulomatous changes present in cats with FIP. In addition, the forms can transform into each other. Cats with FIP may be alert or depressed. Some eat with a normal or even increased appetite; others are anorectic. Fever, weight loss, and/or icterus may be noted.</p><p class="ztext-empty-paragraph"><br></p><p data-pid="8O3bBqBu">In cats with ascites, an abdominal swelling is commonly noticed. Fluctuation and a fluid wave may be present; in less severe cases, fluid can be palpated between the intestinal loops. Abdominal masses can sometimes be palpated, reflecting omental and visceral adhesions or enlarged mesenteric lymph nodes. Thoracic effusions may cause dyspnea, tachypnea, open-mouth breathing, or cyanotic mucous membranes. Auscultation reveals muffled heart sounds. In cats with pericardial effusions, heart sounds are muffled and typical changes can be seen on ECG and echocardiography. Effusions can be visualized by diagnostic imaging (eg, radiographs, ultrasound) and verified by a fluid centesis.</p><p data-pid="RVoTWCMt">In cats without obvious effusion, in which mainly granulomatous changes are present, signs are often vague and include fever, weight loss, lethargy, and decreased appetite. If the lungs are involved, cats can be dyspneic, and thoracic radiographs may reveal patchy densities in the lungs. Abdominal palpation may reveal enlarged mesenteric lymph nodes and irregular kidneys or nodular irregularities in other viscera. Presenting clinical signs sometimes can be unusual. In some cats, abdominal tumors are suspected, but FIP is finally diagnosed at surgery or necropsy.</p><p data-pid="yawm6_Yk">Cats with FIP frequently have ocular lesions. The most common ocular lesions are retinal changes, and a retinal examination should be performed in all cats with suspected FIP. FIP can cause cuffing of the retinal vasculature, which appears as fuzzy grayish lines on either side of the blood vessels. Occasionally, granulomatous changes are seen on the retina. Retinal hemorrhage or detachment may also occur. These changes, however, are not pathognomonic; similar changes can be seen in other systemic infectious diseases, including toxoplasmosis, systemic fungal infections, and feline immunodeficiency virus or feline leukemia virus infection. Uveitis is another common manifestation. Mild uveitis can manifest by color change of the iris. Uveitis may also manifest as aqueous flare, with cloudiness of the anterior chamber, which can be detected in a darkened room using focal illumination. Large numbers of inflammatory cells in the anterior chamber settle on the back of the cornea and cause keratic precipitates, which may be hidden by the nictitating membrane. Hemorrhage into the anterior chamber can occur. If aqueous humor is sampled, it may reveal increased protein and pleocytosis.</p><p data-pid="_G-ikeIp">Neurologic signs are common in cats with FIP. These are variable and reflect the area of CNS involvement. The lesions are usually multifocal. The most common clinical sign is ataxia followed by nystagmus and seizures. In addition, incoordination, intention tremors, hyperesthesia, behavioral changes, and cranial nerve involvement can be seen. If cranial nerves are involved, neurologic signs such as visual deficits and loss of menace reflex may be present. When FIP lesions are located on a peripheral nerve or the spinal column, lameness, progressive ataxia, or paresis may be seen. Finding hydrocephalus on a CT scan is suggestive of neurologic FIP. In a study of 24 cats with FIP with neurologic involvement, 75% were found to have hydrocephalus on postmortem examination.</p><p data-pid="01ckkb4N">Solitary mural intestinal lesions have been described in cats with a histologic diagnosis of FIP. Diarrhea, vomiting, or obstruction can occur, and a suspected neoplastic mass can be found in the colon or ileocecocolic junction, with associated lymphadenopathy, and a markedly thickened and firm segment of bowel with multifocal pyogranulomas extending through the intestinal wall on histology.</p><p data-pid="pAf6mhTM">Skin fragility syndrome was described in a cat with FIP, and other skin lesions (eg, nodular skin lesions, papular skin lesions, pododermatitis) may be present as well. Reproductive disorders, neonatal deaths, and fading kittens are not usually associated with FIP (Merck).</p>  
</div>
            