
---
title: 2017年2月28日美国总统川普国会演讲中英文
categories: 
    - 学习
    - 51VOA 美国之音 - 频道
author: 51VOA 美国之音 - 频道
comments: false
date: 2021-03-22 03:18:32
thumbnail: ''
---

<div>   
<p class="rtecenter"><b>Remarks by President Trump in Joint Address to Congress</b><br><br>U.S. Capitol<br>Washington, D.C.</p>
<p>9:09 P.M. EST</p>
<p>THE PRESIDENT:  Thank you very much.  Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, members of Congress, the First Lady of the United States -- (applause) -- and citizens of America:</p>
<p>Tonight, as we mark the conclusion of our celebration of Black History Month, we are reminded of our nation's path towards civil rights and the work that still remains to be done.  (Applause.)  Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries, as well as last week's shooting in Kansas City, remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Each American generation passes the torch of truth, liberty and justice in an unbroken chain all the way down to the present.  That torch is now in our hands.  And we will use it to light up the world.  I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart.  A new chapter -- (applause) -- of American Greatness is now beginning.  A new national pride is sweeping across our nation.  And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp.</p>
<p>What we are witnessing today is the renewal of the American spirit.  Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead.  (Applause.)  All the nations of the world -- friend or foe -- will find that America is strong, America is proud, and America is free.</p>
<p>In nine years, the United States will celebrate the 250th anniversary of our founding -- 250 years since the day we declared our independence.  It will be one of the great milestones in the history of the world.  But what will America look like as we reach our 250th year?  What kind of country will we leave for our children?</p>
<p>I will not allow the mistakes of recent decades past to define the course of our future.  For too long, we've watched our middle class shrink as we've exported our jobs and wealth to foreign countries.  We've financed and built one global project after another, but ignored the fates of our children in the inner cities of Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit, and so many other places throughout our land.</p>
<p>We've defended the borders of other nations while leaving our own borders wide open for anyone to cross and for drugs to pour in at a now unprecedented rate.  And we've spent trillions and trillions of dollars overseas, while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled.</p>
<p>Then, in 2016, the Earth shifted beneath our feet.  The rebellion started as a quiet protest, spoken by families of all colors and creeds -- families who just wanted a fair shot for their children and a fair hearing for their concerns.</p>
<p>But then the quiet voices became a loud chorus as thousands of citizens now spoke out together, from cities small and large, all across our country.  Finally, the chorus became an earthquake, and the people turned out by the tens of millions, and they were all united by one very simple, but crucial demand: that America must put its own citizens first.  Because only then can we truly make America great again.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Dying industries will come roaring back to life.  Heroic veterans will get the care they so desperately need.  Our military will be given the resources its brave warriors so richly deserve.  Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways gleaming across our very, very beautiful land.  Our terrible drug epidemic will slow down and, ultimately, stop.  And our neglected inner cities will see a rebirth of hope, safety and opportunity.  Above all else, we will keep our promises to the American people.  (Applause.)<br>  <br>It's been a little over a month since my inauguration, and I want to take this moment to update the nation on the progress I've made in keeping those promises.</p>
<p>Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart and many others have announced that they will invest billions and billions of dollars in the United States, and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>The stock market has gained almost $3 trillion in value since the election on November 8th, a record.  We've saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price of a fantastic -- and it is a fantastic -- new F-35 jet fighter, and we'll be saving billions more on contracts all across our government.  We have placed a hiring freeze on non-military and non-essential federal workers.</p>
<p>We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption by imposing a five-year ban on lobbying by executive branch officials and a lifetime ban -- (applause) -- thank you -- and a lifetime ban on becoming lobbyists for a foreign government.</p>
<p>We have undertaken a historic effort to massively reduce job-crushing regulations, creating a deregulation task force inside of every government agency.  (Applause.)  And we’re imposing a new rule which mandates that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated.  (Applause.)  We’re going to stop the regulations that threaten the future and livelihood of our great coal miners.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>We have cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines -- (applause) -- thereby creating tens of thousands of jobs.  And I've issued a new directive that new American pipelines be made with American steel.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>We have withdrawn the United States from the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership.  (Applause.)  And with the help of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, we have formed a council with our neighbors in Canada to help ensure that women entrepreneurs have access to the networks, markets and capital they need to start a business and live out their financial dreams.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>To protect our citizens, I have directed the Department of Justice to form a Task Force on Reducing Violent Crime.  I have further ordered the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice, along with the Department of State and the Director of National Intelligence, to coordinate an aggressive strategy to dismantle the criminal cartels that have spread all across our nation.  (Applause.)  We will stop the drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth, and we will expand treatment for those who have become so badly addicted.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>At the same time, my administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security.  (Applause.)  By finally enforcing our immigration laws, we will raise wages, help the unemployed, save billions and billions of dollars, and make our communities safer for everyone.  (Applause.)  We want all Americans to succeed, but that can't happen in an environment of lawless chaos.  We must restore integrity and the rule of law at our borders.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>For that reason, we will soon begin the construction of a great, great wall along our southern border.  (Applause.)  As we speak tonight, we are removing gang members, drug dealers, and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our very innocent citizens.  Bad ones are going out as I speak, and as I promised throughout the campaign.</p>
<p>To any in Congress who do not believe we should enforce our laws, I would ask you this one question:  What would you say to the American family that loses their jobs, their income, or their loved one because America refused to uphold its laws and defend its borders?  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Our obligation is to serve, protect, and defend the citizens of the United States.  We are also taking strong measures to protect our nation from radical Islamic terrorism.  (Applause.)  According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country.  We have seen the attacks at home -- from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon, and, yes, even the World Trade Center.</p>
<p>We have seen the attacks in France, in Belgium, in Germany, and all over the world.  It is not compassionate, but reckless to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur.  (Applause.)  Those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support this country and love its people and its values.  We cannot allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America.  We cannot allow our nation to become a sanctuary for extremists.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>That is why my administration has been working on improved vetting procedures, and we will shortly take new steps to keep our nation safe and to keep out those out who will do us harm.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>As promised, I directed the Department of Defense to develop a plan to demolish and destroy ISIS -- a network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians, and men, and women, and children of all faiths and all beliefs.  We will work with our allies, including our friends and allies in the Muslim world, to extinguish this vile enemy from our planet.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>I have also imposed new sanctions on entities and individuals who support Iran's ballistic missile program, and reaffirmed our unbreakable alliance with the State of Israel.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Finally, I have kept my promise to appoint a justice to the United States Supreme Court, from my list of 20 judges, who will defend our Constitution.  (Applause.)  </p>
<p>I am greatly honored to have Maureen Scalia with us in the gallery tonight.  (Applause.)  Thank you, Maureen.  Her late, great husband, Antonin Scalia, will forever be a symbol of American justice.  To fill his seat, we have chosen Judge Neil Gorsuch, a man of incredible skill and deep devotion to the law.  He was confirmed unanimously by the Court of Appeals, and I am asking the Senate to swiftly approve his nomination.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Tonight, as I outline the next steps we must take as a country, we must honestly acknowledge the circumstances we inherited.  Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.  Over 43 million people are now living in poverty, and over 43 million Americans are on food stamps.  More than one in five people in their prime working years are not working.  We have the worst financial recovery in 65 years.  In the last eight years, the past administration has put on more new debt than nearly all of the other Presidents combined.</p>
<p>We've lost more than one-fourth of our manufacturing jobs since NAFTA was approved, and we've lost 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.  Our trade deficit in goods with the world last year was nearly $800 billion dollars.  And overseas we have inherited a series of tragic foreign policy disasters.</p>
<p>Solving these and so many other pressing problems will require us to work past the differences of party.  It will require us to tap into the American spirit that has overcome every challenge throughout our long and storied history.  But to accomplish our goals at home and abroad, we must restart the engine of the American economy -- making it easier for companies to do business in the United States, and much, much harder for companies to leave our country.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world.  My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone.  (Applause.)  It will be a big, big cut.   </p>
<p>At the same time, we will provide massive tax relief for the middle class.  We must create a level playing field for American companies and our workers.  We have to do it.  (Applause.)  Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes.  But when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them nothing, or almost nothing.</p>
<p>I just met with officials and workers from a great American company, Harley-Davidson.  In fact, they proudly displayed five of their magnificent motorcycles, made in the USA, on the front lawn of the White House.  ((Laughter and applause.)  And they wanted me to ride one and I said, "No, thank you."  (Laughter.)</p>
<p>At our meeting, I asked them, how are you doing, how is business?  They said that it's good.  I asked them further, how are you doing with other countries, mainly international sales?  They told me -- without even complaining, because they have been so mistreated for so long that they've become used to it -- that it's very hard to do business with other countries because they tax our goods at such a high rate.  They said that in the case of another country, they taxed their motorcycles at 100 percent.  They weren't even asking for a change.  But I am.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>I believe strongly in free trade but it also has to be fair trade.  It's been a long time since we had fair trade.  The first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln, warned that the "abandonment of the protective policy by the American government… will produce want and ruin among our people."  Lincoln was right -- and it's time we heeded his advice and his words.  (Applause.)  I am not going to let America and its great companies and workers be taken advantage of us any longer.  They have taken advantage of our country.  No longer.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>I am going to bring back millions of jobs.  Protecting our workers also means reforming our system of legal immigration.  (Applause.)  The current, outdated system depresses wages for our poorest workers, and puts great pressure on taxpayers.  Nations around the world, like Canada, Australia and many others, have a merit-based immigration system.  (Applause.)  It's a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially.  Yet, in America, we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon.  According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs American taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.</p>
<p>Switching away from this current system of lower-skilled immigration, and instead adopting a merit-based system, we will have so many more benefits.  It will save countless dollars, raise workers' wages, and help struggling families -- including immigrant families -- enter the middle class.  And they will do it quickly, and they will be very, very happy, indeed.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible, as long as we focus on the following goals:  To improve jobs and wages for Americans; to strengthen our nation's security; and to restore respect for our laws.  If we are guided by the wellbeing of American citizens, then I believe Republicans and Democrats can work together to achieve an outcome that has eluded our country for decades.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Another Republican President, Dwight D. Eisenhower, initiated the last truly great national infrastructure program -- the building of the Interstate Highway System.  The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding.  (Applause.)America has spent approximately $6 trillion in the Middle East -- all the while our infrastructure at home is crumbling.  With this $6 trillion, we could have rebuilt our country twice, and maybe even three times if we had people who had the ability to negotiate.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>To launch our national rebuilding, I will be asking Congress to approve legislation that produces a $1 trillion investment in infrastructure of the United States -- financed through both public and private capital -- creating millions of new jobs.  (Applause.)  This effort will be guided by two core principles:  buy American and hire American.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Tonight, I am also calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare -- (applause) -- with reforms that expand choice, increase access, lower costs, and, at the same time, provide better healthcare.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Mandating every American to buy government-approved health insurance was never the right solution for our country.  (Applause.)  The way to make health insurance available to everyone is to lower the cost of health insurance, and that is what we are going do.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits.  As an example, Arizona went up 116 percent last year alone.  Governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky just said Obamacare is failing in his state -- the state of Kentucky -- and it's unsustainable and collapsing.</p>
<p>One-third of counties have only one insurer, and they are losing them fast.  They are losing them so fast.  They are leaving, and many Americans have no choice at all.  There’s no choice left.  Remember when you were told that you could keep your doctor and keep your plan?  We now know that all of those promises have been totally broken.   Obamacare is collapsing, and we must act decisively to protect all Americans.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Action is not a choice, it is a necessity.  So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Here are the principles that should guide the Congress as we move to create a better healthcare system for all Americans:</p>
<p>First, we should ensure that Americans with preexisting conditions have access to coverage, and that we have a stable transition for Americans currently enrolled in the healthcare exchanges.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Secondly, we should help Americans purchase their own coverage through the use of tax credits and expanded Health Savings Accounts -- but it must be the plan they want, not the plan forced on them by our government.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Thirdly, we should give our great state governors the resources and flexibility they need with Medicaid to make sure no one is left out.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Fourth, we should implement legal reforms that protect patients and doctors from unnecessary costs that drive up the price of insurance, and work to bring down the artificially high price of drugs, and bring them down immediately.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>And finally, the time has come to give Americans the freedom to purchase health insurance across state lines -- (applause) -- which will create a truly competitive national marketplace that will bring costs way down and provide far better care.  So important.</p>
<p>Everything that is broken in our country can be fixed.  Every problem can be solved.  And every hurting family can find healing and hope.</p>
<p>Our citizens deserve this, and so much more -- so why not join forces and finally get the job done, and get it done right?  (Applause.)  On this and so many other things, Democrats and Republicans should get together and unite for the good of our country and for the good of the American people.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>My administration wants to work with members of both parties to make childcare accessible and affordable, to help ensure new parents that they have paid family leave -- (applause) -- to invest in women's health, and to promote clean air and clean water, and to rebuild our military and our infrastructure.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>True love for our people requires us to find common ground, to advance the common good, and to cooperate on behalf of every American child who deserves a much brighter future.</p>
<p>An incredible young woman is with us this evening, who should serve as an inspiration to us all.  Today is Rare Disease Day, and joining us in the gallery is a rare disease survivor, Megan Crowley.  (Applause.)  </p>
<p>Megan was diagnosed with Pompe disease, a rare and serious illness, when she was 15 months old.  She was not expected to live past five.  On receiving this news, Megan's dad, John, fought with everything he had to save the life of his precious child.  He founded a company to look for a cure, and helped develop the drug that saved Megan's life.  Today she is 20 years old and a sophomore at Notre Dame.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Megan's story is about the unbounded power of a father's love for a daughter.  But our slow and burdensome approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances, like the one that saved Megan's life, from reaching those in need.  If we slash the restraints, not just at the FDA but across our government, then we will be blessed with far more miracles just like Megan.  (Applause.)  In fact, our children will grow up in a nation of miracles.</p>
<p>But to achieve this future, we must enrich the mind and the souls of every American child.  Education is the civil rights issue of our time.  (Applause.)  I am calling upon members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African American and Latino children.  (Applause.)  These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious, or home school that is right for them.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Joining us tonight in the gallery is a remarkable woman, Denisha Merriweather.  As a young girl, Denisha struggled in school and failed third grade twice.  But then she was able to enroll in a private center for learning -- a great learning center -- with the help of a tax credit and a scholarship program.  </p>
<p>Today, she is the first in her family to graduate, not just from high school, but from college.  Later this year she will get her master’s degree in social work.  We want all children to be able to break the cycle of poverty just like Denisha.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>But to break the cycle of poverty, we must also break the cycle of violence.  The murder rate in 2015 experienced its largest single-year increase in nearly half a century.  In Chicago, more than 4,000 people were shot last year alone, and the murder rate so far this year has been even higher.  This is not acceptable in our society.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Every American child should be able to grow up in a safe community, to attend a great school, and to have access to a high-paying job.  (Applause.)  But to create this future, we must work with, not against -- not against -- the men and women of law enforcement.  (Applause.)  We must build bridges of cooperation and trust -- not drive the wedge of disunity and, really, it's what it is, division.  It's pure, unadulterated division.  We have to unify.  </p>
<p>Police and sheriffs are members of our community.  They're friends and neighbors, they're mothers and fathers, sons and daughters -- and they leave behind loved ones every day who worry about whether or not they'll come home safe and sound.  We must support the incredible men and women of law enforcement.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>And we must support the victims of crime.  I have ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office to serve American victims.  The office is called VOICE -- Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement.  We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by our media and silenced by special interests.  (Applause.)  Joining us in the audience tonight are four very brave Americans whose government failed them.  Their names are Jamiel Shaw, Susan Oliver, Jenna Oliver, and Jessica Davis.</p>
<p>Jamiel's 17-year-old son was viciously murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member who had just been released from prison.  Jamiel Shaw, Jr. was an incredible young man, with unlimited potential who was getting ready to go to college where he would have excelled as a great college quarterback.  But he never got the chance.  His father, who is in the audience tonight, has become a very good friend of mine.  Jamiel, thank you.  Thank you.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Also with us are Susan Oliver and Jessica Davis.  Their husbands, Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver and Detective Michael Davis, were slain in the line of duty in California.  They were pillars of their community.  These brave men were viciously gunned down by an illegal immigrant with a criminal record and two prior deportations.  Should have never been in our country.</p>
<p>Sitting with Susan is her daughter, Jenna.  Jenna, I want you to know that your father was a hero, and that tonight you have the love of an entire country supporting you and praying for you.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>To Jamiel, Jenna, Susan and Jessica, I want you to know that we will never stop fighting for justice.  Your loved ones will never, ever be forgotten.  We will always honor their memory.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Finally, to keep America safe, we must provide the men and women of the United States military with the tools they need to prevent war -- if they must -- they have to fight and they only have to win.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>I am sending Congress a budget that rebuilds the military, eliminates the defense sequester -- (applause) -- and calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.  My budget will also increase funding for our veterans.  Our veterans have delivered for this nation, and now we must deliver for them.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>The challenges we face as a nation are great, but our people are even greater.  And none are greater or braver than those who fight for America in uniform.  (Applause.)  </p>
<p>We are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens, the widow of a U.S. Navy Special Operator, Senior Chief William "Ryan" Owens.  Ryan died as he lived:  a warrior and a hero, battling against terrorism and securing our nation.  (Applause.)  I just spoke to our great General Mattis, just now, who reconfirmed that -- and I quote -- "Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemies."  Ryan's legacy is etched into eternity.  Thank you.  (Applause.)  And Ryan is looking down, right now -- you know that -- and he is very happy because I think he just broke a record.  (Laughter and applause.)</p>
<p>For as the Bible teaches us, "There is no greater act of love than to lay down one's life for one's friends."  Ryan laid down his life for his friends, for his country, and for our freedom.  And we will never forget Ryan.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>To those allies who wonder what kind of a friend America will be, look no further than the heroes who wear our uniform.  Our foreign policy calls for a direct, robust and meaningful engagement with the world.  It is American leadership based on vital security interests that we share with our allies all across the globe.</p>
<p>We strongly support NATO, an alliance forged through the bonds of two world wars that dethroned fascism, and a Cold War, and defeated communism.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>But our partners must meet their financial obligations.  And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that.  In fact, I can tell you, the money is pouring in.  Very nice.  (Applause.)  We expect our partners -- whether in NATO, the Middle East, or in the Pacific -- to take a direct and meaningful role in both strategic and military operations, and pay their fair share of the cost.  Have to do that.</p>
<p>We will respect historic institutions, but we will respect the foreign rights of all nations, and they have to respect our rights as a nation also.  (Applause.)  Free nations are the best vehicle for expressing the will of the people, and America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path.  My job is not to represent the world.  My job is to represent the United States of America. (Applause.)  </p>
<p>But we know that America is better off when there is less conflict, not more.  We must learn from the mistakes of the past.  We have seen the war and the destruction that have ravaged and raged throughout the world -- all across the world.  The only long-term solution for these humanitarian disasters, in many cases, is to create the conditions where displaced persons can safely return home and begin the long, long process of rebuilding.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>America is willing to find new friends, and to forge new partnerships, where shared interests align.  We want harmony and stability, not war and conflict.  We want peace, wherever peace can be found.  </p>
<p>America is friends today with former enemies.  Some of our closest allies, decades ago, fought on the opposite side of these terrible, terrible wars.  This history should give us all faith in the possibilities for a better world.  Hopefully, the 250th year for America will see a world that is more peaceful, more just, and more free.</p>
<p>On our 100th anniversary, in 1876, citizens from across our nation came to Philadelphia to celebrate America's centennial.  At that celebration, the country's builders and artists and inventors showed off their wonderful creations.  Alexander Graham Bell displayed his telephone for the first time.  Remington unveiled the first typewriter.  An early attempt was made at electric light.  Thomas Edison showed an automatic telegraph and an electric pen.  Imagine the wonders our country could know in America's 250th year.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>Think of the marvels we can achieve if we simply set free the dreams of our people.  Cures to the illnesses that have always plagued us are not too much to hope.  American footprints on distant worlds are not too big a dream.  Millions lifted from welfare to work is not too much to expect.  And streets where mothers are safe from fear, schools where children learn in peace, and jobs where Americans prosper and grow are not too much to ask.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>When we have all of this, we will have made America greater than ever before -- for all Americans.  This is our vision.  This is our mission.  But we can only get there together.  We are one people, with one destiny.  We all bleed the same blood.  We all salute the same great American flag.  And we all are made by the same God.  (Applause.)</p>
<p>When we fulfill this vision, when we celebrate our 250 years of glorious freedom, we will look back on tonight as when this new chapter of American Greatness began.  The time for small thinking is over.  The time for trivial fights is behind us.  We just need the courage to share the dreams that fill our hearts, the bravery to express the hopes that stir our souls, and the confidence to turn those hopes and those dreams into action.</p>
<p>From now on, America will be empowered by our aspirations, not burdened by our fears; inspired by the future, not bound by the failures of the past; and guided by our vision, not blinded by our doubts.  </p>
<p>I am asking all citizens to embrace this renewal of the American spirit.  I am asking all members of Congress to join me in dreaming big, and bold, and daring things for our country.  I am asking everyone watching tonight to seize this moment.  Believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America.</p>
<p>Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States.  (Applause.)  </p>
<p>END  <br>10:09 P.M. EST</p>
<p>议长先生、副总统先生、国会成员、第一夫人、以及美国人民：</p>
<div class="wysiwyg">
<p>今晚标志着美国非洲裔历史月的结束，它提醒着我们美国追求民权的道路，以及我们还需要做出的努力。近期针对犹太社区中心的威胁以及损毁犹太墓园的事件，连同上周堪萨斯城的枪击案，都提醒着我们这样一件事：我们或许在政策上有所分歧，但是我们一致谴责任何形式的仇恨与邪恶。</p>
<p>一代代美国人传递着真理、自由和公正的火炬，不断的传承一直延续至今。</p>
<p>这把火炬现在传到了我们手中。我们要用它来点亮世界。今晚我在这里传达团结和力量的信息，这是发自我内心的信息。</p>
<p>伟大美国的新篇章即将开启。</p>
<p>新一轮的国家自豪感席卷全国。</p>
<p>一股乐观的风潮让那些看似不可能的梦想唾手可得。</p>
<p>今天我们看到的是美国精神重振雄风。</p>
<p>我们的盟友会发现，美国再次准备好领导世界。</p>
<p>不论是我们的朋友或敌人，世界上所有的国家， 都会看到一个强大、自豪、自由的美国。</p>
<p>我不会让近几十年的错误来决定我们的未来。</p>
<p>这已经持续了太久：我们眼睁睁看着中产阶级不断缩小，我们的工作和财富流失到国外。</p>
<p>我们资助了一个又一个的全球项目，但是忽略了那些在芝加哥、巴尔的摩、底特律以及全国各地许多城市贫民区的孩子。</p>
<p>我们守卫其他国家的边界，但却让我们的边界大门敞开，他人随便进入，前所未有的大量毒品涌入美国。</p>
<p>我们在国外耗资数万亿美元，而国内的基础设施却几近崩溃。</p>
<p></p>
<p>濒临破产的产业将重获新生。我们的英雄老兵将得到他们应得的照料。</p>
<p>我们勇猛的战士们将得到他们受之无愧的资源。</p>
<p>几近崩溃的基础设施将不复存在，新的道路、桥梁、隧道、机场和铁路将在我们美丽的国土上闪闪发光。</p>
<p>我们严重的毒品泛滥将得到减缓，最终被消除。</p>
<p>我们被忽视的内城将重获希望、安全和机会。</p>
<p>最重要的，我们将信守我们对美国人民的承诺。</p>
<p>我上任已经一个多月了，我想借此机会来报告一下履行这些承诺上的一些进展。</p>
<p>自我当选之后，福特、菲亚特-克莱斯勒、通用汽车、斯普林特、软银集团、洛克希德、因特尔、沃尔玛，还有很多其他公司，都宣布他们将在美国投资数十亿美元，并为美国创造成千上万份工作。</p>
<p>自11月8日的大选之后，股市创记录地上涨近3万亿美元。降低新F-35喷气战机的费用，我们为纳税者节省了数亿美元，我们将继续在政府合同方面节省更多的资金。我们暂停雇佣非军事和非紧急性质的联邦雇员。</p>
<p>我们已经开始施行一项禁令：行政部门官员五年内不得做游说工作，终身不得为外国政府游说，以此打击政府腐败。</p>
<p>我们进行了具有历史意义的行动，减少打击就业的规章制度，在每个政府机构成立解除管制工作组，并推行一项新规定 ： 每定一条新规，须撤销两条旧律。我们还叫停了威胁到伟大的煤矿工人前途和生计的规定。</p>
<p>我们为建设“拱心石”和达科他输油管线扫清了障碍，从而创造数万个工作机会。我还发布了一道新指令：新的美国输油管线要用美国的钢材建造。</p>
<p>我们从扼杀工作机会的跨太平洋伙伴关系协议中撤出。</p>
<p>在加拿大总理特鲁多的帮助下，我们和加拿大组建了一个委员会，以确保女性创业者能接触到交际网络、市场和资本，她们需要这些去创业，去实现他们的金融梦想。</p>
<p>为了保护我们的公民，我指示司法部组成一个“减少暴力犯罪”工作小组。</p>
<p>我还命令国土安全部、司法部、国务院和国家情报总监一起协作，制定一个强势策略，来摧毁遍布在国内的犯罪集团。</p>
<p>我们要阻止毒品进入国内，毒害我们的青少年。我们也要为已经上瘾的人增加治疗服务。</p>
<p>同时，我的政府也回应了美国人民对于移民管制和加强边境安全的诉求 － 我们终于加强执行了移民法，我们会提高薪资，帮助失业者，节省数十亿美元，并让我们的社区更安全。我们希望每个美国人都成功 － 但这在没有法律秩序的混乱中是不可能的。我们必须为我们的边境恢复尊严和法治。</p>
<p>因此，我们很快将开始沿南部边境建设高墙。开工时间将早于预期。完工后，这将是打击毒品和犯罪的有力武器。</p>
<p>就在此时，我们在扫除帮派成员、毒品贩子和罪犯，他们威胁我们的社区安全，对我们的公民下手。就在今晚我讲话的同时，我们在遣送坏人出境，正如我所承诺的一样。</p>
<p>对于国会里不认为我们应该严格执法的人，我要问你们： 对那些由于美国拒绝维护法律、守卫边境而失去工作、失去收入、失去爱人的美国家庭，你要怎样跟他们交待？</p>
<p>我们的职责是服务、守护、保卫美国公民。我们也将采取强硬措施，保护我们的国家不受伊斯兰恐怖主义所害。</p>
<p>根据司法部的数据，九一一恐怖事件之后，绝大多数实施恐怖袭击的人是从海外进入美国的。我们在本土目睹了这些袭击 － 从波士顿到圣贝纳迪诺，到五角大楼，对，还有世贸中心。</p>
<p>法国、比利时、德国都发生了这样的袭击。</p>
<p>我们不能任凭一波恐怖主义浪潮在美国国内形成，我们不能允许美国成为极端分子的庇护所。</p>
<p>正如我所承诺的，我指示国防部制定一套方案，击破并消灭伊斯兰国 。那是一群屠杀穆斯林和基督徒，屠杀任何信仰的男人、女人和孩子的无法无天的野蛮人。我们会和包括穆斯林世界在内的盟友一起，消灭这个世界上的邪恶敌人。</p>
<p>我还对支持伊朗弹道导弹计划的组织和个人施行了新的制裁，并重申了我们与以色列坚不可摧的同盟关系。</p>
<p>最后，我也履行了关于指定一位能捍卫宪法的最高法院大法官的承诺 ，我的名单上有多达二十位候选人。</p>
<p></p>
<p>我们今天有幸请来莫琳·斯卡利亚女士。她已逝的丈夫安东尼·斯卡利亚将永远是美国司法的象征。我们选择了尼尔·戈萨奇法官填补他的空缺。戈萨奇业务卓越，深爱法律事业。他获得了巡回上诉法院的一致确认，我请求参议院尽快批准对他的提名。</p>
<p>今晚，在我阐述我们作为一个国家接下来必须要采取的措施之际，我们必须坦诚地承认我们接手的一些局面。</p>
<p>9400万美国人失业。</p>
<p>4300多万人目前生活在贫困之中，超过4300万美国人依靠食品券生活。</p>
<p>20%以上的青壮年没有工作。</p>
<p>我们有65年来最慢的金融复苏。</p>
<p>在过去的八年中，上一届政府新增加的债务几乎超过以往所有其他总统任期债务的总和。</p>
<p>自从批准北美自由贸易协定以来，我们损失了超过四分之一的制造业工作；自从中国2001年加入世贸组织以来，我们丧失了6万个工厂。</p>
<p>去年，我们与世界其他国家和地区的商品贸易赤字接近8000亿美元。</p>
<p>在海外，我们继承的是一系列外交政策灾难。</p>
<p>要解决这些以及其他众多的紧迫问题，则要求我们跨过党派分歧，要求我们发挥在我们漫长丰富的历史中帮助我们克服每一项挑战的美国精神。</p>
<p>但是，要实现我们的国内外目标，我们必须重启美国经济的引擎——让企业在美国做生意更加便利，让它们离开美国更加困难。</p>
<p>现在，美国公司承受最高的赋税。</p>
<p>我的经济团队正在研究一项历史性的税改方案，这项改革将降低我们企业的税率，让它们能够与任何地方的任何人竞争，让它们发展壮大。与此同时，我们还将为中产阶级大幅减税。</p>
<p>我们必须为美国企业和工人创造一个公平的竞争平台。</p>
<p>目前，我们出口产品的时候，其他国家让我们支付非常高的关税和其他税，但是当外国公司向我们出口商品时，我们几乎不对他们征收任何费用。</p>
<p>我笃信自由贸易，但是自由贸易也必须是公平贸易。</p>
<p>第一位共和党总统亚伯拉罕·林肯曾经警告说，“美国政府抛弃保护主义政策将会在我们的民众之间产生匮乏和破产。”</p>
<p>林肯是对的——我们该留意他的忠告了。我不会让美国及其伟大的企业和工人再被任何人占便宜。</p>
<p>我会带回数百万的就业岗位。保护我们的工人也意味着改革我们的合法移民制度。目前这种过时的制度压低了我们最贫困工人的工资，让那纳税人承受巨大压力。</p>
<p>像加拿大、澳大利亚以及世界其他国家都有一个基于资质能力的移民制度。那些想要移民到一个国家的人应当在经济上能够自给自足，这是一个基本原则。但是在美国，我们没有执行这种规定，这挤压了我们最贫困公民所依靠的公共资源。根据国家科学院的数据，我们目前的移民制度每年花费美国纳税人数十亿美元。</p>
<p>改变目前这种鼓励低技术移民的制度，转而采取一种基于资质能力的制度，将会裨益良多：节省难以计数的资金，提高工人工资，帮助处境艰难的家庭——包括移民家庭——步入中产。</p>
<p>我相信真正的、积极的移民改革是可能的，只要我们锁定以下几个目标：增加国民就业和工资水平；增强国土安全保障；重建法律的尊严。</p>
<p>如果我们以美国公民的幸福安康为指南，我相信民主、共和两党可以同心同力达成这个国家几十年来未曾实现的成果。</p>
<p>另一位民主党总统德威特·D·艾森豪威尔实施了最后一个真正伟大的国家基础设施项目——州际高速公路系统的建设。现在该开始新一轮重建美国的项目了。</p>
<p>美国已经在中东地区花了大约六万亿美元，然而国内的基础设施却破败不堪。这六万亿美元够我们重建国家两次了。假如我们有谈判能力的人，甚至有可能重建三次。</p>
<p>为了开始重建我们的国家，我将会要求国会批准提案，由政府和私人出资一万亿美元投入到美国的基础设施建设中，增加千百万工作机会。</p>
<p>这一建设将遵循两个原则：买美国货、雇美国人。</p>
<p>今晚，我同时呼吁国会废除奥巴马的健保法案，以选择更多、覆盖面更广、成本更低、服务更好的健康保险取而代之。</p>
<p>强制每个美国人购买政府批准的医疗保险绝对不能解决美国的问题。让健康保险惠及每个人的途径是降低医保成本，这正是我们所要做的。</p>
<p>奥巴马医保的费用在全国范围已经以两位、三位数的速度增长。举例来说，亚利桑那州仅仅在去年就增长了116%。肯塔基州的马特·贝文州长刚刚表示，奥巴马的医保在该州正走向失败——它无法维持并走向崩溃。</p>
<p>奥巴马的医保正在崩塌，我们必须果断行动保护所有国民。我们别无选择，我们必须行动。</p>
<p>因此，我呼吁国会所有民主党人和共和党人，希望他们与我们一起合作，将美国人从奥巴马医保崩溃的灾难中拯救出来。</p>
<p>我的政府希望与两党成员共同合作，让人们能够获得负担得起的儿童保育服务，确保新近为人父母者拥有带薪育婴假，为女性健康进行投入，推动清洁空气和清洁水源，重建我们的军事基础设施。</p>
<p>真正热爱我们的人民就是需要我们找到共识，推进共同利益，为了每一个理应拥有的光明未来的美国孩子而合作。 </p>
<p>今晚有一位了不起的年轻人在场，她给予我们所有人激励。</p>
<p>今天是国际罕见病日，今天来到议会的就有一位罕见病幸存者，她叫梅根·克劳利。梅根15个月时被确诊患有庞贝氏症，这是一种罕见的严重疾病。医生说她活不过五岁。</p>
<p>在听到这个消息后，梅根的爸爸约翰，为挽救心爱孩子的生命付出了一切。他成立了一家公司，希望能够找到治愈这种疾病的方法，并且帮助研发了能够拯救梅根生命的药物。今天，梅根20岁了，是圣母大学的大二学生。</p>
<p>梅根的故事讲的就是父爱无疆。</p>
<p>但是我们食品和药物管理局的缓慢而繁琐的程序阻碍了许多进步，比如可以拯救梅根性命的药物，让它们难以到达急需帮助的人手中。</p>
<p>如果我们能够减少食品和药物管理局乃至整个政府的管制，那我们将能收获更多像梅根这样的奇迹。</p>
<p>事实上，我们的子孙后代将在一个充满奇迹的国度长大。</p>
<p>但是，为了创造这样的未来，我们必须丰富每个美国孩子的心灵。</p>
<p>教育是我们这个时代的民权</p>
<p>我呼吁两党成员通过一项资助包括非裔和拉丁裔在内的弱势儿童的教育法案。这些家庭理应能够自由地选择适用于他们的公共、私人、特许、公立重点、宗教或者家庭学校。</p>
<p>今天到场加入我们的还有一位了不起的女性，丹妮莎·玛丽怀瑟。这位年轻女孩曾经在学校痛苦挣扎，两次在三年级留级。但之后，她通过一项课税津贴奖学金项目成功进入一家私人中心学习。如今·，她是一家之中第一个从高中和大学毕业的。今年晚些时候，她将完成社工领域的硕士学位。</p>
<p>我们想要每个孩子都能像丹妮莎这样摆脱贫困的循环。</p>
<p>但是要打破这个循环，我们必须要打破暴力的循环。</p>
<p>2015年的凶杀率创下了近半个世纪以来的年度增长记录。</p>
<p>在芝加哥，仅去年一年就有四千多人遭遇枪击，今年以来的凶杀率则更高。</p>
<p>这在当今的社会是不能容忍的。</p>
<p>每一个美国孩子都应该能在安全的社区长大，进入优秀的学校，并且能够获得高薪的工作。</p>
<p>但是要创造这样的未来，我们必须和执法人员合作，而非妨碍他们。</p>
<p>我们必须建立合作和信任的桥梁，而非制造分歧与不和的裂痕。</p>
<p>警员和警官是我们社区的一份子。他们是友人和邻居，父亲和母亲，儿子和女儿。他们每天离去的时候，他们所爱的人都会担忧他们是否能平安归来。</p>
<p>我们必须支持这些了不起的执法人员。</p>
<p>我们也必须支持犯罪受害者。</p>
<p>我已经命令国土安全部建立办公室来服务受害的美国公民。这间办公室叫做移民犯罪受害者。我们将向那些被媒体忽视、被特殊利益团体噤声的人们提供发声的渠道。</p>
<p>今晚加入我们的还有四名极其勇敢的美国人，他们的政府辜负了他们。</p>
<p>他们是杰米儿·肖，苏珊·奥利弗，珍娜·奥利弗以及杰西卡·戴维斯。</p>
<p>杰米儿17岁的儿子被一名非法入境、刚刚从监狱释放的黑帮成员残忍地杀害。 小杰米儿·肖曾是一位了不起的年轻人，有着无限潜力，准备去上大学，并且会是一名优秀的橄榄球的四分卫。但是他再也无法拥有这个机会了。他的父亲，今晚也在观众席上，成了我的好朋友。</p>
<p>和我们在一起的还有苏珊·奥利弗和杰西卡·戴维斯。她们的丈夫—— 副警长丹尼·奥利弗和侦探迈克尔·戴维斯在加州执行公务时遇害。他们是那个社区的支柱。一名有犯罪记录的非法移民和两名先前被驱逐出境的人残忍地枪杀了这些勇敢的男子。</p>
<p>苏珊坐在一起的是她的女儿珍娜。 珍娜，我想让你知道，你的父亲是个英雄。 今晚你拥有整个国家的爱。人们支持你，为你祈祷。</p>
<p>杰米尔、珍娜、杰西卡，我要你们知道，我们会为正义奋斗不息。你们的家人永远不会被忘记，我们将永远怀念他们。</p>
<p>最后，为了保卫美国的安全，我们必须为美国军队的军人们提供他们需要的武器，防止战争，如果他们必须奔向战场，帮助他们打赢战争。</p>
<p>我向国会递交了一份重建军队的预算，消除国防自动赤减方案，提出美国有史以来最多的国防开支增长。</p>
<p>我的预算也将增加退伍军人的经费。</p>
<p>我们的退伍军人没有辜负国家的期望——现在我们必须不负他们的期望。</p>
<p>我们国家所面临的挑战是巨大的，但我们的人民更加伟大。</p>
<p>不过没有人比为美国奋战的军人更加伟大而勇敢。</p>
<p>那些想知道美国会成为什么样的朋友的盟友们，你们只需看看那些身着美军制服的英雄们。</p>
<p>我们的外交政策要求我们与世界展开直接、有力和有意义的接触。我们与世界各地的盟友们所共享的是建立在重大安全利益基础上的美国领导力。</p>
<p>我们坚决支持北约，这是通过推翻法西斯主义的两次世界大战和击败共产主义的冷战所铸就的同盟。</p>
<p>但是我们的伙伴必须履行各自的财政义务。</p>
<p>现在，经过十分激烈和坦诚的讨论后，他们已经开始这样做。</p>
<p>我们期待我们的伙伴，不管是在北约、中东还是太平洋地区的伙伴，在战略和军事行动中发挥直接、有意义的作用，并公平地分担开支。</p>
<p>我们尊重历史体系，但我们也尊重国家主权。 </p>
<p>自由的国家是表达人民意愿的最佳工具——美国尊重所有国家走自己道路的权利。 我的工作不是代表全世界。我的工作是代表美利坚合众国。但我们知道当冲突减少，而不是增多的时候，美国会更好。</p>
<p>我们必须从过去的错误中吸取教训——我们看过肆虐全球的战争和破坏。</p>
<p>解决这些人道主义灾难的唯一长期办法是创造条件，使流离失所的人能安全返回家园，并开始长期重建工作。</p>
<p>在一致的共同利益面前，美国愿意找寻新朋友，建立新伙伴关系。我们想要和平与稳定，不是战争与冲突。</p>
<p>我们渴望和平，在任何能找到和平的地方。今天，美国和过去的敌人成为朋友。我们最亲密的一些盟友，几十年前在世界大战中在对立的一方同我们交战。这样的历史让我们有充分的信心，相信世界可能变得更好。</p>
<p>期待着，在美国建国的第250年我们将看到一个更加和平、公正和自由的世界。</p>
<p>1876年，也就是我们建国100周年时，美国各地的公民来到费城，欢庆美国百年纪念。那次庆典上，我们国家的建筑者、艺术家和发明家展现了他们的创造。</p>
<p>亚历山大·格雷姆·贝尔首次展现了他的电话。</p>
<p>雷明顿拿出了第一个打字机。还有人试图发明电灯。</p>
<p>托马斯·爱迪生展现了自动电报，还有一只电子笔。</p>
<p>想像一下美国建国250年时我们的国家会创造怎样的奇迹。</p>
<p>想像一下，如果我们让人民放手追梦，我们能够取得的成绩。</p>
<p>治愈那些常常困扰我们的疾病将不再遥不可及。</p>
<p>在浩瀚宇宙上留下美国的足迹将不再只是梦想。</p>
<p>数百万人重获工作将不再是遥远的期望。</p>
<p>让母亲不再惧怕的街道，让孩子在和平中学习的学校，还有让美国人民繁荣富强的工作，将不再遥不可及。</p>
<p>当我们拥有这些，我们会让美国前所未有地更加强大，惠及所有美国人民。</p>
<p>这是我们的目标。这是我们的使命。</p>
<p>不可以再拘泥于小事了，不可以再为微不足道之事而争吵了。我们只需勇敢地分享心中的梦想，表达激荡于灵魂的希望，满怀信心地将那些希望与梦想付诸行动。从现在起，美国将因壮志而强大，而非为恐惧所束缚。</p>
<p>美国将受愿景的指引，而非被怀疑所蒙蔽</p>
<p>我呼吁全体公民拥抱美国精神的复兴。我呼吁全体国会成员和我一道，为我们的国家而憧憬壮美、大胆、惊人的目标。我呼吁所有见证此夜的人们把握这一时刻，</p>
<p>相信你们自己</p>
<p>相信你们的未来</p>
<p>并且再次相信美利坚</p>
<p>谢谢，愿上帝保佑你们，愿天佑美国！</p></div>  
</div>
            