
---
title: POSTING RULES & GUIDELINES_ How to Post a Releaselifehackerlifehacker
categories: 
    - 阅读
    - Mobilism - eBook Releases
author: Mobilism - eBook Releases
comments: false
date: 2021-03-21 16:45:56
thumbnail: 
---

<div>   
<span style="font-size: 150%; line-height: 116%;"><span style="font-weight: bold">How to Post a Release in the eBooks Section</span></span><br><br>Please post in the <a href="http://forum.mobilism.org/viewforum.php?f=19" class="postlink"><span style="font-weight: bold">eBook Releases</span></a> section using the <a href="https://images.mobilism.org/?di=M2HT" class="postlink">"<span style="font-weight: bold">New Topic</span>"</a> or <a href="https://images.mobilism.org/?di=O7ZX" class="postlink">"<span style="font-weight: bold">New Thread</span>"</a> button. The post will be checked and moved to the proper category by a moderator.<br><br><ul><span style="text-decoration: underline">Structure of the subject line:</span><br><span style="font-weight: bold">Title of Book by Name of Author (.format)</span> <br><li>Example: <span style="font-weight: bold">1984 by George Orwell (.ePUB)</span><br><br>Language (if not English) in brackets: [FR], [RU], [CHI], [GER]</li><li>Example: <span style="font-weight: bold">1984 by George Orwell [DUT] (.ePUB)</span><br><br>If you are providing more than one format, add a "+" sign</li><li>Example: <span style="font-weight: bold">1984 by George Orwell (.ePUB)+</span><br><br><span style="font-weight: bold">NOTE:</span> For books with more than one author, use the first name on the cover for the Subject (exactly as it shows on the cover). Do not use 'et al' or '+'.</li></ul><br><ul><span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="text-decoration: underline">Body of the post:</span></span><br><li><span style="font-weight: bold">Title by Author (do not shorten the name!)</span> - Language (if not English)</li><li><span style="font-weight: bold">Requirements</span> device for viewing your eBook and size of file (uncompressed) <br><ul><li><span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="color: red">18 years+</span></span> (for adult material)</li><li>optional: edition, volume, translator, date of publication, bitrate, version</li></ul> </li><li><span style="font-weight: bold">Overview</span> of the book, what it is about, a description. (Short bio of the author in multi-book posts)</li><li><span style="font-weight: bold">Genre</span> of the book: Fantasy, Biography, etc. (NOT conflicting tags, only the category where the book belongs)</li><li><span style="font-weight: bold">Image</span> of the book cover, uploaded to our server <a class="postlink" href="https://images.mobilism.org/">https://images.mobilism.org/</a> and not hotlinked from another web site</li><li><span style="font-weight: bold">[ break ]</span> command (without the spaces) right after the image (the template will add it by default)</li><li><span style="font-weight: bold">Download Instructions</span> where the book can be downloaded from, as well as the password for the archive (if any)</li></ul><br><ul><span style="text-decoration: underline"><span style="font-weight: bold">Additional/replacing rules for multi-book posts and <a href="http://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?p=1928293#p1928293" class="postlink">collections</a></span></span><br><li>Resize images for Topics with more than 2 books (recommended size 240 Height x 160 Width)</li><li>One image per Topic with more than 10 books is allowed (instead of one image per book)</li><li>List of titles in Topics with more than 10 books is preferable (instead of one blurb per book)</li><li>The titles can be listed in the topic (if the list is up to 100 titles)</li><li>The titles have to be listed in a separate textfile or at a texthost (if more than 100 )</li></ul><ul><span style="font-weight: bold">Note:</span> Not all posts with 20 books or more are collections, please refer to the topic about <a href="http://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?p=1928293#p1928293" class="postlink"><span style="font-weight: bold">Collections</span></a> for more details.</ul><br><span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="text-decoration: underline">Important:</span></span><br><ul><li>Do not put any additional spaces (empty lines) in your release- use the template format. This is important for content to display correctly on the <a href="http://forum.mobilism.org/portal.php?mode=articles&block=ebook" class="postlink"><span style="font-weight: bold">Portal page</span></a>.</li><li>Only direct links to filehosts will be accepted. In other words, do not post a link to a secondary page or another web site, please host your file on a file hosting site such as Rapidgator.net, Mediafire.com etc.</li><li>All books in the same series posted by the same person must be posted together in the same release. One post per series. </li><li>All Standalone NOVELS by the same author must be posted together in the same release (NOT Non-Fiction books, not Audiobooks, not Comics, not Anthologies, not Omnibuses, not Bundles: only standalone NOVELS). Omnibuses, Bundles and Anthologies <span style="font-style: italic">can</span> be posted separately. </li><li>Non-Fiction books by the same author <span style="font-style: italic">should</span> be posted separately. Contrary to Fiction, authors are not searched as often as titles in Non-Fiction. </li><li>All books in posts with more than 2 books must be offered in the same download link, not separately. Please put all books in a folder and zip or rar the folder before uploading. <br>Newly added books to posts with 2 or more <span style="font-weight: bold">must have</span> their own separate download links. </li><li>Double posts are not allowed, please use the search before posting a release. Enter <span style="font-weight: bold">only the name of the author</span>. For more accurate results, use the <a href="https://forum.mobilism.org/search.php" class="postlink"><span style="font-weight: bold">Advanced Search</span></a>, enter title and author and select the option "Post subjects and message text".<br></li><li>If you still are not sure how to format your release, look at other posts in the forums. Use the preview button until you get your post to look right.</li></ul><br>Take a look at the Examples.<br><br><br><span style="text-decoration: underline"><span style="font-weight: bold">Example of post with single book:</span></span><br><br>Title in Subject<br><br><div class="codebox"><span>Code: <a href="https://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=397&sid=7d82f80db978108767d021ff0ca525b6#" onclick="selectCode(this); return false;">Select all</a></span><code>Corporate Finance Demystified by Troy A. Adair (.PDF)<br></code></div><br><br>Body<br><br><div class="codebox"><span>Code: <a href="https://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=397&sid=7d82f80db978108767d021ff0ca525b6#" onclick="selectCode(this); return false;">Select all</a></span><code>[b]Corporate Finance Demystified by Troy A. Adair[/b]<br>[u]Requirements:[/u] PDF Reader, 14.4 MB<br>[u]Overview:[/u] Corporate Finance Demystified offers a comprehensive introduction to corporate finance principles, the time value of money, including present value, amortization schedules, and more. This self-teaching guide comes complete with key points, background information, quizzes at the end of each chapter, and even a final exam. Simple enough for beginners but challenging enough for advanced students, this is a lively and entertaining brush-up, introductory text, or classroom supplement.<br>[b]Genre:[/b] Non-Fiction, General<br><br>[img]https://images.mobilism.org/jkxeua.jpg[/img]<br>[break]<br>Now anyone can grasp the fundamentals of corporate finance--without formal training, unlimited time, or a genius IQ. In Corporate Finance Demystified, finance professor Troy Adair provides an effective, illuminating, and entertaining way to learn this complex subject. This self-teaching guide first explains the basic principles of corporate finance, including accounting statements, cash flows, and ratio analysis. Then, you’ll get into the specifics of such topics as the time value of money, interest rate conversion, payment composition, and amortization schedules. Details on valuing bonds, stocks, and options as well as measuring risk and return are also included. Featuring end-of-chapter quizzes and a final exam, this book will teach you the ins-and-outs of corporate finance in no time at all. Simple enough for a beginner, but challenging enough for an advanced student, Corporate Finance Demystified is your shortcut to a working knowledge of this important business topic.<br><br>This hands-on, self-teaching text offers:<br>•   An easy way to understand corporate finance <br>•   Hundreds of worked examples with solutions <br>•   A quiz at the end of each chapter to reinforce learning and pinpoint weaknesses <br>•   A final exam at the end of the book <br>•   No unnecessary technical jargon <br>•   A time-saving approach to performing better on an exam or at work! <br><br>[u]Download Instructions[/u]<br>https://rapidgator.net/file//Corporate_Finance_Demystified.rar<br>http://www.tusfiles.com/cya58xqx1/Corporate_Finance_Demystified.rar<br></code></div><br><br><br><a name="ex1" href="https://forum.mobilism.org/undefined"></a><span style="text-decoration: underline"><span style="font-weight: bold">Example of post with multiple books:</span></span> (<span style="font-weight: bold">Standard template</span>)<br><br>Title in Subject<br><br><div class="codebox"><span>Code: <a href="https://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=397&sid=7d82f80db978108767d021ff0ca525b6#" onclick="selectCode(this); return false;">Select all</a></span><code>Little Brother series by Cory Doctorow (.ePUB)</code></div><br><br>Body<br><br><div class="codebox"><span>Code: <a href="https://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=397&sid=7d82f80db978108767d021ff0ca525b6#" onclick="selectCode(this); return false;">Select all</a></span><code>[b]Little Brother series by Cory Doctorow[/b]<br>[u]Requirements:[/u] ePUB Reader, 1.2 MB<br>[u]Overview:[/u] Cory Doctorow is the author of the New York Times bestselling novel Little Brother. He has won the Locus Award for his fiction three times, been nominated for both the Hugo and the Nebula, and is the only author to have won both the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer and the Campbell Award for best SF Novel of the Year. He is the co-editor of BoingBoing.net, a Fellow for the Electronic Frontier Foundation and co-founded the UK Open Rights Group. Born in Toronto, Canada, he now lives in Los Angeles.<br>[b]Genre:[/b] YA Science Fiction <br><br>[img]https://images.mobilism.org/?dm=ICQQWSMV[/img] [img]https://images.mobilism.org/?dm=ICQQWSMV[/img] [img]https://images.mobilism.org/?dm=ICQQWSMV[/img]<br>[break]<br>[b]Little Brother:[/b] Marcus, a.k.a “w1n5t0n,” is only seventeen years old, but he figures he already knows how the system works — and how to work the system. Smart, fast, and wise to the ways of the networked world, he has no trouble outwitting his high school's intrusive but clumsy surveillance systems. But his whole world changes when he and his friends find themselves caught in the aftermath of a major terrorist attack on San Francisco.<br><br>[b]Homeland:[/b] A few years later, California's economy collapses, but Marcus's hacktivist past lands him a job as webmaster for a crusading politician who promises reform. Soon his onetime girlfriend Masha emerges from the political underground to gift him with a thumbdrive containing a Wikileaks-style cable-dump of hard evidence of corporate and governmental perfidy. It's incendiary stuff — and if Masha goes missing, Marcus is supposed to release it to the world. Then Marcus sees Masha being kidnapped by the same government agents who detained and tortured Marcus years earlier. <br><br>[b]Lawful Interception:[/b] An all-new tale of Marcus Yallow, the hero of the bestselling novels Little Brother and Homeland — as he deals with the aftermath of a devastating Oakland earthquake, with the help of friends, hacker allies, and some very clever crowdsourced drones.<br>"I'd recommend Little Brother over pretty much any book I've read this year." —Neil Gaiman<br><br>[u]Download Instructions[/u]<br>http://ul.to/ydscqcwt1/Lil_bro.rar<br><br>Mirror:<br>http://www14.zippyshare.com/v/8WobiE/file.html/Lil_bro.rar</code></div><br> <br><br><ul><span style="text-decoration: underline"><span style="font-weight: bold">Additional/replacing rules for Adult releases (to protect young members):</span></span><br><li>Images with pornographic content have to be linked to, not embedded (img tags)<br>Example:<br><div class="codebox"><span>Code: <a href="https://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=397&sid=7d82f80db978108767d021ff0ca525b6#" onclick="selectCode(this); return false;">Select all</a></span><code>[url=https://images.mobilism.org/?di=XXXX][b]Preview[/b][/url]<br>[break]</code></div><br>Looks like this:<br><blockquote class="uncited"><i class="icon-quote-left"></i><div><a href="https://images.mobilism.org/?dm=ICQQWSMV" class="postlink"><span style="font-weight: bold">Preview</span></a></div></blockquote> Don't forget the "break" command!</li></ul><br><br>Thank you for posting! Further instructions and useful tips in the <a href="http://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?p=1917960#1917960" class="postlink"><span style="font-weight: bold">eBook Help Desk</span></a><br><br><a href="https://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=397&sid=7d82f80db978108767d021ff0ca525b6#ex1"><small>ex1</small></a>  
</div>
            