
---
title: '20 Ways Writers Can Reward Themselves Without Food'
categories: 
 - 新媒体
 - Matters
 - 最新、熱議、精華
headimg: 'https://picsum.photos/400/300?random=9556'
author: Matters
comments: false
date: Wed, 15 Jun 2022 17:07:12 GMT
thumbnail: 'https://picsum.photos/400/300?random=9556'
---

<div>   
<h2><strong>Why Is Food the Perfect Reward?</strong></h2><p>Food is the perfect reward for three main reasons.</p><ol><li><strong>It’s fast and easy.</strong></li></ol><p>It’s always available. Most of the time, all we have to do is walk to the refrigerator or cupboard. At most, we must drive to the corner store or fast-food restaurant.</p><ol><li><strong>It satisfies both the body and mind.</strong></li></ol><p>Food not only feels good in the mouth and tastes delicious, it triggers the release of feel-good neurotransmitters in the brain, often leaving us feeling happier than we were before.</p><ol><li><strong>It’s consistently rewarding.</strong></li></ol><p>Food is reliable. It works every time. This is why some types of food that are most rewarding (high-sugar, high-salt, and high-fat types) can become addictive.</p><p>Besides these three main reasons, food can also remind us of positive experiences in the past. Certain dishes may be associated with friends and family and the warm feelings we have when we’re with them.</p><p>It’s easy to see, then, why food can be hard to resist when we seek to reward ourselves. How can we change this habit?</p><h2><strong>Writers Can Choose Alternate Rewards</strong></h2><p>We human beings are driven by our desire for rewards. It’s what motivates us to go after our goals again and again.</p><p>This is the drive that compels you to write and submit and publish. Your desired reward may differ from someone else’s, but it’s the reward that you’re after.</p><p>You shouldn’t deny yourself, as rewards are important to your continued progress. Instead, replace the food rewards with other types of rewards. Most are not as easy or convenient as food, but they are likely to be healthier for you, and in the long run, better for your writing career.</p><p>Below are 20 possible rewards that may work for you. After reviewing this list, feel free to add some of your own. What matters is finding those rewards that will help motivate you to reach your daily word count, submit your stories, and publish your books again and again, without expanding your waistline.</p><h2><strong>20 Non-Food Rewards for Writers Who Work Hard</strong></h2><h3><strong>1. Listen to a Podcast</strong></h3><p>There are many excellent podcasts out there today about writing, publishing, book marketing, and more. Listening to one of them can be motivating and encouraging, and may give you that reward you’re looking for. To get you started, here are three that I’ve enjoyed, but there are many more:</p><ol><li><a href="https://manuscriptacademy.com/podcasting" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">The Manuscript Academy</a></li><li><a href="https://writingexcuses.com/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">Writing Excuses</a></li><li><a href="https://www.thecreativepenn.com/podcasts/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">The Creative Penn Podcast</a></li></ol><h3><strong>2. Watch an Inspiring Ted Talk or Video</strong></h3><p>Listening to an experienced writer talk about the writing process, or even a speaker talking about creativity or motivation, can leave you feeling a lot better than you would after eating a bowl of ice cream. I will often choose to listen to authors I admire. Doing so can help me feel more empowered to overcome my own challenges.</p><h3><strong>3. Get Yourself a Writerly Treat</strong></h3><p>If you’re like most writers, you love visiting the office store. All those pens, notebooks, journals, papers, computers, and printers! It’s heaven. Take yourself there as a reward and get something that makes you happy.</p><h3><strong>4. Take a Half or Full Day Off</strong></h3><p>After working hard, you need a break. Take a mental health day and allow yourself to do whatever you want to do. Don’t feel guilty about it! You deserve it.</p><h3><strong>5. Spruce Up Your Writing Nook with Fresh Flowers</strong></h3><p>Whether you gather them from your flower garden or get them from the store, fresh flowers can add cheer and color to your writing nook. You’ll feel a little more special with them around.</p><h3><strong>6. Spend an Afternoon at the Library or Bookstore</strong></h3><p>Allow yourself a few hours to just drift through rows of bookshelves. You know you’ll love it!</p><h3><strong>7. Test Drive Your Dream Car</strong></h3><p>Do you have a car you’d love to own? Or maybe one of your characters drives a particular vehicle. Either way, why not go find one and take it for a spin? You’ll have a fun adventure and you may gain some wisdom you can use when writing your next chapter. Even better—take a selfie next to it and use that as your profile picture!</p><p>You could also just go for a drive. We rarely allow ourselves the time to do this anymore, but it can be a great way to get your imagination humming while shedding some stress, particularly if you head out to the country roads.</p><h3><strong>8. Go to a Matinee</strong></h3><p>Feel like a kid again when you sneak out to see a matinee. If you want to justify the expense, spend some time reviewing the plot when you leave. It’s great practice if you’re working on identifying the hook, inciting incident, turning points, climax, and all the rest.</p><h3><strong>9. Indulge In Your Favorite Hobby</strong></h3><p>Hobbies aren’t self-indulgent—they’re good for you. (Read more: “<a href="http://writingandwellness.com/2020/05/25/5-important-reasons-why-writers-need-hobbies/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">5 Important Reasons Why Writers Need Hobbies.</a>”) They inspire creativity and can even help you overcome writing problems. Whatever your favorite hobby is—knitting, playing a musical instrument, painting, crafting—give yourself some time to enjoy it without guilt.</p><h3><strong>10. Call a Good Friend</strong></h3><p>With social media and email, we’re not talking to each other as much these days as we used to. That’s a shame, as visiting with a good friend or family member can be one of the most rewarding things you can do. Pick up the phone and instead of scrolling, dial!</p><h3><strong>11. Book an Author Photo Shoot</strong></h3><p>As an author, your image matters, particularly in today’s publishing industry where most of your readers are likely to recognize you by your photographs. If you’ve reached a significant milestone in your writing career, find a quality photographer and schedule a photoshoot. Dress for the occasion and enjoy yourself. The investment is worth it and will help you put your best image forward for years to come.</p><h3><strong>12. Remodel Your Writing Nook</strong></h3><p>How long has it been since you’ve spruced up your writing nook? Reward yourself by clearing the clutter and adding a few fun knickknacks, or go full out with new paint and materials. Find more on this topic: “<a href="http://writingandwellness.com/2018/01/08/how-to-boost-focus-productivity-with-a-writing-space-makeover/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">How to Boost Focus & Productivity with a Writing Space Makeover</a>.”</p><h3><strong>13. Hire Yourself an Editor or Book Doctor</strong></h3><p>One of the best investments writers can make is in themselves, yet we often resist for fear that we don’t deserve it. The more you invest, however, the better a writer you’re likely to become, so use this as one of your frequent rewards. If you reach a writing goal, hire an editor or book doctor to look over your story and help you improve it.</p><h3><strong>14. Take a Day Trip</strong></h3><p>You can use this time to research a location in your story, or simply get out and expose yourself to something new. Writers need novelty in their lives, as without it we can get dull and our writing can become stale. (Read more: “<a href="http://writingandwellness.com/2017/11/27/how-to-balance-routine-and-novelty-to-boost-writing-productivity/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">How to Balance Routine and Novelty to Boost Writing Productivity</a>.”)</p><h3><strong>15. Have Your Favorite Cup of Coffee or Tea</strong></h3><p>Most writers have one—a favorite hot beverage. Maybe you love a certain Starbucks coffee or a unique blend of herbal teas. Whatever it is, make yourself a cup and allow yourself to enjoy it sip by sip.</p><h3><strong>16. Go for a Walk</strong></h3><p>Few things go together as well as writers and walking. In <a href="https://www.amazon.com/How-Write-Science-Fiction-Fantasy/dp/158297103X" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank"><em>How to Write Science Fiction and Fantasy</em></a> (1990), novelist Orson Scott Card has suggested that it’s “worth the time to take an hour’s walk before writing. You may write a bit less for the time spent, but you may find that you write better.”</p><p>(Read more: “<a href="http://writingandwellness.com/2014/03/06/what-famous-writers-know-about-walking/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">What Famous Writers Know About Walking</a>.”)</p><p>Walking boosts creativity and cognition, and because it’s a form of exercise, it increases those same feel-good neurotransmitters as your favorite food does.</p><p>Take your camera with you (or snap some pictures on your smartphone) to make your walk even more creative, or bring along an audiobook to get in some “free” reading time.</p><h3><strong>17. Take a Luxurious Bubble Bath</strong></h3><p>One of the things that make food so rewarding is that it appeals to our senses. A hot bath can do the same, particularly if you add some nice-smelling bath salts or essential oils. To beef up the reward, light some candles and put on your favorite music.</p><h3><strong>18. Get a Manicure or Pedicure</strong></h3><p>Most people feel these procedures are relaxing, and they leave you feeling more attractive and put together. Choosing your colors can be fun and creative and can make you feel more alive.</p><h3><strong>19. Go for a Bike Ride</strong></h3><p>Just like a walk can get your endorphins pumping, so too can a bike ride, with some added velocity.</p><h3><strong>20. Give Yourself a Facial</strong></h3><p>Skin care is important not only to help you look your best but for your overall health too. Your skin acts as a barrier between you and all the dangerous microbes in the world, and the healthier it is, the better job it can do of protecting you.</p><p>Take 30 minutes to an hour to enjoy a moisturizing mask, then finish it off with a spray toner and luxurious cream. Or focus on your eyes, which are always overworked in writers! Get one of those cooling moisturizing masks that go over the eyes, lay back, and let it do its magic.</p><p><strong>What non-food rewards motivate you?</strong></p><p><strong>Spread the love</strong></p><p><br></p>  
</div>
            