
---
title: """""""'eBook Section Rulesmerry60merry60'"""""""
categories: 
    - 阅读
    - Mobilism - eBook Releases
author: Mobilism - eBook Releases
comments: false
date: 2021-03-22 04:49:35
thumbnail: ''
---

<div>   
<span style="font-weight: bold">These are the rules specific to the eBook section (in addition to the <a href="http://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=132474" class="postlink">Site Rules</a>)</span><br><br><span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="text-decoration: underline">Download Links/Mirrors</span></span><br><ul><li>All new releases must provide at least one mirror link (from a different filehost) to help users who cannot access a specific site due to regional limitations. </li><li>All new releases must provide at least one link from a supported filehost. <a href="http://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?p=6391140#6391140" class="postlink"><span style="font-weight: bold">(See the list here)</span></a>. </li><li>All new releases must offer at least one link from a host with no long waiting time between downloads for free users <a href="https://images.mobilism.org/?di=MNAM" class="postlink"><span style="font-weight: bold">(Click here)</span></a>. In posts where <span style="font-style: italic">all the links</span> are from file hosts with long waiting periods (Nitroflare<span style="color: #FF0040"><span style="font-weight: bold">*</span></span>, Rapidgator, Uploaded, Novafile, Filefox, etc.), free mirrors will be allowed.</li><li>File hosts that require registration to download are not allowed (e.g. 4shared). Only <span style="font-weight: bold">free links</span> from free hosts are accepted. </li><li>URL shortening services are not allowed.</li></ul> <br><span style="color: #FF0040"><span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="font-size: 150%; line-height: 116%;">*</span></span></span>27 Nov 2015: as of today, <span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="color: #FF0000">Nitroflare</span></span> is no longer allowed in the eBooks section.<br><br><span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="text-decoration: underline">Allowed file formats</span></span><br><ul><li>To keep up the quality in the ebook section, <span style="font-weight: bold">ONLY 3</span> of the following formats are allowed in your main download link:<br><ul><li>ePUB</li><li>MOBI</li><li>AZW <span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="font-style: italic">OR</span></span> PDF*</li></ul></li><li>*PDF files have to be uploaded separately if the size of the file exceeds 10 MB. Provide the PDF file in an additional link.</li><li>AZW is a proprietary format readable only on Kindle devices and therefore <span style="font-weight: bold">not allowed by itself</span>, not everybody owns a Kindle.</li><li>Downloads must not be pillowed out with unnecessary items: extra images (aside from the cover), file-padding, wallpapers, etc.<br><br></li><li><span style="text-decoration: underline">Magazines:</span> All magazines & newspapers must be posted in PDF format. Other formats can be added as secondary in the same release by the same poster.<br><ul><li>If a magazine is posted in non-retail quality, a new release with retail PDF will be allowed. </li></ul></li><li><span style="text-decoration: underline">Audiobooks:</span> 64kbps is the recommended bitrate. Higher and lower bitrates are allowed as long as they don't exceed 128kbps. A higher level is unnecessary for spoken word and only results in an excessively large file size, unaffordable for users with lower bandwidths. <br><ul><li>Exception: 256 kbps is allowed for GraphicAudio</li><li>Allowed formats: MP3, MP4, M4A, WMA, M4B.</li></ul></li></ul><br><span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="text-decoration: underline">Mirroring (of existing releases)</span></span><br><ul><li>Mirrors are not allowed as long as the poster is active and can replace dead links.<br><ul><span style="text-decoration: underline">Exception (when moderators will request mirrors:)</span><br><li>Somebody asked the OP (Original Poster) for a link from a more user-friendly/supported file host and the OP could not provide it.</li></ul></li><li>Posting unrequested mirrors in other OP's releases is NOT allowed. No exceptions.</li><li>Mirrors can only be requested by moderators. Mirrors posted in response to a moderator's request must quote said request along with the download links.</li><li>Mirrors can ONLY offer <span style="color: #FF0000"><span style="font-weight: bold">the titles in the original post</span></span> - no more, no less. (More could be a double post, less is not a <span style="font-style: italic">mirror</span>.)</li></ul><br><span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="text-decoration: underline">Reposting releases (bad quality files, absent posters)</span></span><br><ul><li>Bad quality files/Obsolete formats (excluding v5.0 ePUB and retail PDF): Contact a moderator if you can offer a better quality file than the one already posted. Posters of lesser quality files will have the right to replace with better versions within 24 hours from notice before the post is removed to make way for a new release.</li><li>Absent/Inactive posters: Releases by absent/inactive posters can be reposted without previous notice. Simply post a new release and a reply in the old thread with a note: "Links dead, OP inactive. Reposted here (<span style="font-style: italic">link</span>)"<br>(max. 20 per day-poster / max. 5 at a time / 3 hours between batches).<br></li><li>ARC files ARE NOT ALLOWED (*March 2020). Old ARC releases that may still exist in the eBooks section can and should be reported so they can be removed. <br> <br><ul><span style="text-decoration: underline">Important</span>: <br><li>Make sure the OP is no longer active before reposting a release. If there is no signature indicating that the poster is not replacing links, check the 'last visited' info in the user's profile: posters are considered absent after 4 weeks since the last login. <span style="font-style: italic">If in doubt, contact a moderator</span>.</li><li>Make sure all the links are dead before reposting. We want to repost <span style="font-style: italic">dead links</span>, not working links.</li></ul></li></ul><br><a name="ex1" href="https://forum.mobilism.org/undefined"></a><span style="text-decoration: underline"><span style="font-weight: bold">New links requests</span></span><br><ul><li>Please PM (Private Message) the <span style="font-weight: bold"><span style="color: #FF0000">ORIGINAL POSTER</span></span> (OP) with re-up requests. <span style="font-weight: bold">DO NOT</span> use the report button for dead links. The reports area is restricted to staff only, posters cannot see reports.</li><li>If you don't get a reply from the OP within a maximum of 3 days, you can post in the release topic explaining that you sent a PM and received no response, or report to a moderator. More info here: <a href="http://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?p=1755549#p1755549" class="postlink"><span style="font-weight: bold">eBook Forum Etiquette</span></a> <br><br><ul><li><span style="font-weight: bold">Note to OPs:</span> ignoring re-up request is equal to ignoring the rules and therefore a punishable offence. (If you lost the file, please request it. Your post, your responsibility.)</li><li><span style="font-weight: bold">Note to Users:</span> <span style="font-style: italic">only one</span> re-up request per user per day to the same poster is acceptable, more than that is considered spamming</li></ul></li></ul><br><ul><li>If the Original Poster <span style="font-weight: bold">is no longer active</span> or banned (see profile) or not replacing links as per the signature, post in the topic (e.g. "Links dead, OP inactive") so it can be moved to Expired and reposted by somebody else. <span style="font-weight: bold">DO NOT</span> use the report button.<br><br><ul><li>ONLY BUMP TOPICS WITH DEAD LINKS BY INACTIVE POSTERS.</li></ul></li></ul><br><ul><li>OPs are only required to replace one (1) link in posts older than 6 months.</li><li>Replacing links in Magazine releases older than 6 months is not mandatory. Therefore, posting magazines older than 6 months is not allowed unless in yearly collections.</li></ul><br><span style="text-decoration: underline"><span style="font-weight: bold">Expired releases</span></span><br><ul><li>If you want to repost an expired release you must create a new release and post a reply in the old one: "reposted here [link to new release]". Please read: <a href="https://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?p=1536509#p1536509" class="postlink"><span style="font-weight: bold">Rules for expired releases</span></a></li></ul><br><span style="text-decoration: underline"><span style="font-weight: bold">Lists of Bestsellers</span></span><br><ul><li>Lists of Bestsellers (e.g. New York Times Best Sellers; TOP 20 USA Today; Awards winners) are not allowed, no exceptions. </li><li>Personal lists of favourites (e.g. Oprah's Book Club; My Calibre Archives) are not allowed, no exceptions.<br><ul><li>These lists are just duplicates of books already posted. (If links in the releases are dead, read above)</li></ul></li></ul><br><span style="text-decoration: underline"><span style="font-weight: bold">Fooling us...</span></span><br><ul><li>... will result in a temporary ban</li></ul><br><br><span style="font-size: 85%; line-height: 116%;"><br>Changelog:<br><br>07 Mar 2015 bestsellers bundles <br>27 Nov 2015 Nitroflare banned<br>10 Mar 2016 audiobook formats<br>01 Aug 2018 magazine formats<br>05 Apr 2019 supported link mandatory<br>03 Jan 2020 bitrate exception for graphic audio<br>28 Mar 2020 ARC files banned<br></span>  
</div>
            