
---
title: 'PuTTY 0.77 - 知名SSH_Telnet 程序'
categories: 
 - 新媒体
 - cnBeta
 - 最新
headimg: 'https://picsum.photos/400/300?random=7809'
author: cnBeta
comments: false
date: Fri, 27 May 2022 09:03:53 GMT
thumbnail: 'https://picsum.photos/400/300?random=7809'
---

<div>   
<strong>知名SSH/Telnet 程序PuTTY 0.75 发布，带来了安全修正、证书和协议升级。</strong>PuTTY 是一款集成虚拟终端、系统控制台和网络文件传输为一体的自由开源程序。它支持多种网络协议，包括 SCP，SSH，Telnet，rlogin 和原始的套接字连接，它也可以连接到串行端口。其软件名字“PuTTY”并没有特殊含义。<br>
 <p><strong>更新日志：</strong></p><p><a href="https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/changes.html">https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/changes.html</a></p><p><strong>下载地址：</strong></p><p><a href="https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html">https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html</a><br></p><p><strong>PuTTY 0.77:</strong></p><ul class=" list-paddingleft-2"><li><p>Major improvements to network proxy support:</p></li><ul style="list-style-type: square;" class=" list-paddingleft-2"><li><p>Support for interactively prompting the user if the proxy server requires authentication.</p></li><li><p>Built-in support for proxying via another SSH server, so that PuTTY will SSH to the proxy and then automatically forward a port through it to the destination host. (Similar to running <code>plink -nc</code> as a subprocess, but more convenient to set up, and allows you to answer interactive prompts presented by the proxy.)</p></li><li><p>Support for HTTP Digest authentication, when talking to HTTP proxies.</p></li></ul><li><p>Introduced <code>pterm.exe</code>, a PuTTY-like wrapper program for Windows command prompts (or anything else running in a Windows console). Not yet included in the installer, but available as a <code>.exe</code> file from the Download page.</p></li><li><p>Updated Unicode and bidi support to Unicode 14.0.0.</p></li><li><p>New command-line option <code>-pwfile</code>, like <code>-pw</code> except that it reads the password from a file so that it doesn’t show up on the command line.</p></li><li><p>Windows Pageant: option <code>--openssh-config</code> to allow easy interoperation with Windows’s <code>ssh.exe</code>.</p></li><li><p><code>-pw</code> (and <code>-pwfile</code>) now do not fall back to interactively prompting for a password if the provided password fails. (That was the original intention.)</p></li><li><p>New configuration options for keyboard handling:</p></li><ul style="list-style-type: square;" class=" list-paddingleft-2"><li><p>Option to control handling of Shift + arrow keys</p></li><li><p>Extra mode in the function-keys option, for modern xterm (v216 and above).</p></li></ul><li><p>Bug workaround flag to wait for the server’s SSH greeting before sending our own, for servers (or proxies) that lose outgoing data before seeing any incoming data.</p></li><li><p>Crypto update: added side-channel resistance in probabilistic RSA key generation.</p></li><li><p>Crypto update: retired the use of short Diffie-Hellman exponents (just in case).</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: reconfiguring remote port forwardings more than once no longer crashes.</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: terminal output processing is now paused while handling a remote-controlled terminal resize, so that the subsequent screen redraw is interpreted relative to the new terminal size instead of the old.</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: Windows PuTTYgen’s mouse-based entropy collection now handles high-frequency mice without getting confused.</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: Windows Pageant can now handle large numbers of concurrent connections without hanging or crashing.</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: if Windows Pageant is started multiple times simultaneously, the instances should reliably agree on one of them to be the persistent server.</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: remote-controlled changes of window title are now interpreted according to the configured character set.</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: remote-controlled changes of window title no longer get confused by UTF-8 characters whose encoding includes the byte 0x9C (which terminates the control sequence in non-UTF-8 contexts).</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: popping up the window context menu in the middle of a drag-select now no longer leaves the drag in a stuck state.</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: extensive use of true colour in the terminal no longer slows down window redraws unnecessarily.</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: when PSCP reports the server sending a disallowed compound pathname, it correctly reports the replacement name it’s using for the downloaded file.</p></li><li><p>Bug fix: enabling X11 forwarding in <code>psusan</code> failed to fall back through possible port numbers for the forwarded X display.</p></li><li><p>For developers: migrated the build system to CMake, removing the old idiosyncratic <code>mkfiles.pl</code> and the autotools system.</p></li></ul>   
</div>
            